foreign
welcome to episode 3 of the cro
confidential series uh I'm Sam blonde
your host I'm currently the uh a new
partner at Founders Bond investing in
primarily B2B software companies prior
to joining Founders fund I was cro at
brex for almost five years today we have
two incredible guests uh normally we
stick with one but one very special
guest here to boost the ratings we'll
start with uh the first guest Jamison
young Jameson and I have known each
other for nearly 15 years now which is
crazy
um we started as uh friends in San
Francisco uh he joined me at Echo sign
where we sort of competed as reps number
one and two on the team for closing Echo
sign business I was fortunate enough to
have him join me at zenefits for a
number of years and now Jameson is the
SVP of sales at gong
um a company most recently valued at
something like seven and a half billion
dollars where Jameson leads the entire
customer life cycle for the majority of
gong customers so acquiring customers
and servicing them
um really excited to have you here today
Jameson and welcome to uh the podcast
series
glad to be here it was very
uncomfortable me to hear you say that
many nice things about me in a row uh
but I appreciate it
all through and
um you know a tough act to follow but if
there's anybody that can do it somebody
that we have known for as long as
Jamison you and I have known each other
I've known Jason
um we referenced Echo sign uh of course
the CEO of echo sign the leader of
zaster so excited that you're able to
join us today Jason uh and thank you for
being here you know one quick anecdote
just for fun and then I'll be more of a
Wallflower but
um I remember
um after we were acquired by Adobe Sam I
think you inherited about 20 AES from
Adobe right something like that right
and I remember pre-gong you made this
comment to me one day I'm like
I can't believe what these guys say on
the phone
it's so terrible it was like an epiphany
for me and saster of like the
understanding what these broader teams
do that like our the quality had
declined like you I don't it was I think
this was pre-gong so I don't know how
you listen to their calls I'm curious
right but that was the moment when I
realized this this category and
obviously ganga is a lot more surface
area today than just listening to but
that that initial idea was
transformational uh when I heard you say
you're like oh my God they send the
dumbest emails and they say the worst
things a customer calls the dumb
mistakes
yeah well
um you know pre-gong all that you could
really do is join calls live yeah
shadowing and the thing that you're
referencing Jason there was a huge
takeaway for me is it makes such a huge
difference which sales rep gets the lead
in terms of the probability of that deal
closing like you would think is what
matters but there is so much variance
across the team did the customer
experience or the buyers experience can
be radically different despite the
product being the exact same product
um and so you know
attempts to and has a huge impact on
leveling the playing field of it there I
mean the scary part is those were only
the things that they were dumb enough to
say while you were on the phone too I'm
sure was even worse if you weren't there
I can imagine
uh yeah they were they were certainly
trying their best
I think that perfect perfect segue that
the thing so back in the days of echo
sign and even in the days of zenefits um
there was there was this Tech stack that
existed for within sales and that sales
leaders would Implement and it included
things like you know CRM and tools for
prospecting that had contact information
and a number of these different just
sort of like Staples that came along
with the tech stack and when I think of
gong the first thing that comes to mind
is better than any company I've seen
over the last let's call it eight to ten
years gong has really
um become now a staple in the sales Tech
stack for uh uh tech companies
um and and for you all you really
created a category here you're not an
alternative to a CRM you're not one of
these other types of companies and so
um you really did this creating a
category as well as anyone I'd love to
learn what you think you all did well it
going to be so successful at
accomplishing this
yeah I mean I appreciate that uh and I
think you're right I think we did create
a we had to create new spend essentially
right it wasn't we didn't replace
something else that people were using
previously thankfully all the things you
guys just described were problems that
people needed to solve uh and I think we
did a decent number of things well I
think one is what we talked about a
minute ago which is I do think that
we've had a very compelling story early
on on why like the current world was
broken and it's based on opinion and why
it didn't make sense uh I think we had a
really strong content engineer early on
as well with gun Labs which I think was
helpful to kind of proliferate through
Linkedin but honestly if I'd say there's
one thing that we that was most
important that we did best it has to do
with the product that we had we have
this product that has this very short
setup time I mean this can be set up in
generally set up in 30 minutes and the
time to value is so fast and so you
could you could turn this thing on and
in a week or in two weeks it could tell
you answers to questions that you've
never been able to answer before right
like understanding what your real
competitive set looks like how it's
Revenue all that kind of stuff uh and I
think that was that was key because the
bar that we
the bar that our sales team was selling
to wasn't like hey give us a bunch of
money for something that you you've
never used or doesn't understand it was
more hey turn this on we'll do an
assessment of your business right and
you know if it makes sense then we can
continue if not then don't but the fact
that bar was so low it really helped us
get into organizations and improve value
pretty quickly
one of the many fascinating things about
gong is it's a budget expander right and
in the old days when we were working
together I had a rule this this is dated
that maybe you could get 20 to 30 maybe
40 of your sales force ticket in
additional apps right so back then back
then folks were spending 150 bucks on
Salesforce so we had like a 330 to 50 a
month window that was tight that was
tight back in the days because there's
only room for two or three apps now it's
like 2x Salesforce
um and it's an expander but it's very
interesting that maybe that one of the
secret sauces is being so easy to deploy
that you don't have to have all the
budget expansion discussions on day one
do you to get in there you can you can
sneak in there by the team being
Champions before you even ask for the
big check at least in the earlier days
well you could at least you at least get
to push that like improved value
conversation to later when when the
value is more apparent and in the case
of us we actually had enough data to
prove the value at that point whereas if
we had to do that all pre-sale we had to
write a check before you turned it on
like we just we didn't have that kind of
data set I did that sorry to to
monopolize Sam but it's so interesting
did that in your time did it flip in
other words I went I went the other day
to buy a customer support app and I
found that all the ones that used to
have free trials are now contact sales
um and that's okay because the brands
are big did that did that almost plgs
motion did it fade when everybody uses
gong today did you flip it around from a
sales perspective so we were never like
plg as in you like click a button and
then we turn on uh you turn on gong it
was always to talk to the sales team
first to turn it on mainly because
there's a million different things that
you can answer with this but if you're
not focused in the way that you you
deploy it and the way you think about
deploying it so we had to to do some
stuff but I will say we did you know uh
a year ago or whatever if we were more
established we started to try to move
away from that pilot motion or that
business assessment motion and honestly
was a mistake and we've gone back to it
uh more heavily now uh especially in the
current that's interesting it wasn't
despite gong's brand today right which
is dominant it was a mistake to move
away from that ease of pilot motion yeah
I think we got some some quicker deals
out of it in some cases but I I just I
think that uh us trying to solve for
time to close was the wrong thing to be
solving for
it's interesting it's interesting I'll
I'll reinforce this concept a little bit
with my experience um and zenefits was
similar in that we were sort of creating
a category as well
um we were displacing and Jameson knows
as well as anyone we were displacing
insurance brokers and xenovitz did not
look like a typical insurance broker we
looked like a tech company
um and so again like reinforcing this
concept of making it very easy to buy
well then if it's monetized through
health insurance commissions and so
first of all we were perceived as sort
of like a free product but the second
thing that made us so successful and
part of our value prop part of our sales
pitch was just as easily as you make us
your broker and you get to try this
incredible software that comes along
with doing so the next day the next
month 60 days from now you can go back
and sign back over to your prior broker
no questions asked no cost whatsoever
and so
um just like removing barriers to being
able to use your product when you are in
this creating a new category not a
well-established space I think is the
primary takeaway
um from from those two examples now gong
and ends in if it's at least with this
crew okay so how can you de-risk it
right
give us since we so lucky to have you
from the very early I mean running sales
from so early can I ask can I speak in
one question Sam
um because because you're one of the few
people guys like us are some of the few
that can be objective why did you guys
beat chorus uh just being objective
about it I know I know I'm sure they're
all in there but now you can be more
objective about it right because I think
the core product like the the very
nuclear product is was good at both
right I mean both both easily could
transcribe a call do a little bit of a
little bit of analysis sentiment
analysis and send you an email and
record your Zoom right so so maybe being
objective part of it was the
differentiation maybe was modest right
at some level right I mean and I you're
right right uh you know at the time I
wouldn't have said that our products
were similar but at the time I joined
they were pretty similar
um yeah now they're demonstrably
different and teams are different sizes
Etc but but at that initial inflection
point when I joined in fact we didn't
even really know what our
differentiators were yet it was like you
know we we tried to plug it in and we
started trying to figure it out as we
went
um I I think a few things uh helped us
one is I think the sales team that I had
early on uh I came in and I raised
quotas and raised comp and hired a sales
team that was you know probably a level
one or two levels above what
I think we originally thought we were
going to to put in place and one of the
main reasons for that is you're talking
to cros and VPS of sales like you can't
have a really junior sales rep on the
other end of the phone and so raise
quotas raised OTE and so I think the
sales force that we built early on and
the people that that joined early to
help sell were just a I think we were
outselling them I also think our
marketing engine was different I joined
one of the things that brought me there
was uh you know this this whole concept
of uh there is
sales is not all art there's a science
to it and and we're able to start to
expose the science that's behind it and
that's what a lot of the content was and
I think that content still on LinkedIn
has just this massive impact so I do
think our brand even from the beginning
carried a little more weight just people
now got on the phone and thought that we
were you know like a Forester or
something uh and and doing content they
didn't realize what we were but at least
they recognized the name a little bit
more uh so so that air cover the the
first one was hire more experience reps
right which is something we think about
right because there's pros and cons
right but you leaned all in on folks
that could confidently sell to a cro not
the nervous kid right and that played
out well for you right well and it
wasn't it wasn't the You Know Field rep
that's in a suit and has been selling
for 20 years it's not that version of I
still needed really Scrappy people that
wanted to come in and figure this thing
out but it also wasn't the you know
you've been selling for a year or two uh
rep you know it was in between those two
things
yeah and the second one's interesting
which is air air cover right marketing
gave you guys good you looked even
bigger in sales processes than you were
which is what a great marketing and sort
of effort can do is like whoa you're
you're a dominant vendor when you were
probably 40 people at the time or
something like that people always
thought we were bigger than we were
actually back in the time and you
wouldn't correct them you'd go yep
just don't ask for the financials are
huge no more questions
[Laughter]
my my interpretation of what Jameson
just said and and you know correct me if
if you think this is uh uh reaching or
something like that but in an
environment where products are at
relative parity
um like sort of nuanced differences go
to market can make the difference
between winning and losing
yeah and I mean I think the fact that we
won go to market as early as we were
that allowed us to continue invest in
the products grow the team Etc so it
kind of started feeding the
differentiation of the product as well
and we figured out differentiation and
what resonated because because you know
we were learning that on the phone I I
did look crazy when I came in though and
I jumped photos up Suddenly because
there were a couple reps there I think
there were three reps that ended up
being one that that stayed but uh
because I had to justify that OTE I was
like look I I think we can uh jump
quotas up in order to justify and it
worked thankfully but I see you creased
quotas so that you could justify paying
higher Market salaries to the AES right
you had you had you couldn't you
couldn't wave your hands and just do
Adventure Capital back then right so
that was the trade-off right but you had
to sign up as the leader too because
that had to roll up into your commit
didn't it there's no free line I mean
100 but at the same time if it didn't
work it didn't work for me so you know
right whether uh
so lots of lots of things went well in
creating this new category one one thing
that like uh despite dong one of the
most successful businesses of of this
sort of tech Generation
Um as as all of us on this call know all
too well
um nothing is perfect and what what are
some of the sort of lessons learned
throughout this process maybe things
that didn't go so well
um anybody that's listening in in this
environment where they're trying to
create a new category things that may
save them some Cycles
I mean you heard me happy to reference
one earlier which is like we tried to
move away from emotion that was really
comfortable to us at one point and
recognized you know that we're probably
moving away from pilots and moving back
so that's one um I I should think a
bigger one though for us uh from the
very beginning when you put gong in the
hands of users they went crazy for it
like we call it raising braving fans but
they you know it's like oh my gosh I
don't know how I operated without this
sales reps would feel that way sales
managers we didn't recognize how
powerful that was early and I I don't
think we did a good job of I mean simple
things right uh we would have people
that were at one organization and sales
people are transient you know you stick
around a startup job for a couple years
that's that's a pretty long time we did
a good job of like tracking when they
went somewhere else and using that to
start our new sales cycle and leveraging
the fact that we have these power users
moving around and I'd even say one thing
that that chorus uh did did better than
us
um is they did a really good job of
getting advisors pretty early they think
they got through giving them some Equity
but they'd insert these like Champions
inside of decent sized organizations
that would block us out pretty well
um and we never did that actually uh but
I think they did and I honestly looking
back I think that was something that we
we should have done I would have given
us more traction faster
because there's so many stories on the
internet that hey advisors don't do any
value right that they just look good on
a slide for raising Venture Capital but
uh it worked they literally were such
strong advocates for chorus that they
were able to block you out of some key
accounts early on at least until early
on when you're both emerging vendors
right when no one knows no one really
knows right no I have no idea how many
advisors they actually paid and how many
of them helped them but but you know we
certainly saw some that were helping
did you guys on a sales or marketing
side
um when these when you're these raving
fans and we all didn't realize now I
don't think any of the three of us
realized in the early days when we
worked at an app with raving fans what
it's like not to right that's the that's
the reason you didn't get it is because
we didn't know we didn't know what it
was like on the other side right we took
it we thought it was cable Stakes that
all apps like how could you even sell an
app that people didn't love but it turns
out not to be the case but did you track
them through marketing CRM triggers did
you figure did you did you proactively
like have a team go after uh you know
Champions to change other Orcs so we
started to get to that point there's a
company called user gems that that will
actually help you do this that that uh
that I'm not affiliated with in any way
but we we used to do uh some of this
stuff but before we were using them uh
it was I mean we're just using really
good sdrs uh that were hungry and we're
using LinkedIn to to hunt in the right
ways and they'd spot it and start those
conversations
yeah
my my learning from the zenovitz
experience and again like kind of this
concept of category creation
um was was a little uh was a little
different could be unique to zenovitz
but I'll roll with it anyway so
um we really embraced this identity of
the fastest growing tech company and
ever ever and I remember at a bunch of
in-person conversations with people
largely in the Bay Area you know I work
at Zen events I've heard of zenefits
nobody knew what xenovitz did
um and so embracing this identity around
sort of like fast-growing tech company
raised a bunch of money
um that was a that was a mistake
um and I think the right thing to do or
what to try and do is associate your
company with what you do had we been
known as you know the best health
insurance broker or the first tech
enabled health insurance broker or
something like that it would have been
so much more valuable to us as a
business because
um while so many people had sort of
heard of the brand no one knew what we
did and we were associated with you know
raising lots of money and fast growth
but not with a quality of our product or
anything like that and Jameson I think
that gong has done a really good job
here uh where uh like you talked about
these raving fans I I know almost no one
in the opposite Camp I I've never heard
anyone sort of talk negatively about
their experience with bro with gong and
and the first thing that comes to mind
for most people is like I couldn't live
without it
um and so I I think like you know kudos
to to y'all on something that zenovitz
probably could have done a better job of
just in terms of embracing a different
identity
well I think the other place that that
showed up to that identity I agree with
you Sam uh that it also showed up in
like what the sales people that we hired
like cared about because the minute we
started slowing down you started seeing
a team get pretty upset uh that you know
I thought they weren't fast growing but
there weren't promotions quickly and so
I think it also showed up in in uh the
people we ended up attracting and in
turn you know when they started being
dissatisfied
I think that's a a good segue
um so one very topical uh thing for us
to consider it's it's a tough time for
Tech right now
um seems like everyone is talking about
the economy companies are doing layoffs
lots of talk about extending Runway I
don't think we will spend much time
there or add any color on what to expect
in 2023 uh Tech economy but one of the
more conversations that I am having with
Founders and sales leaders right now is
okay we it's either we've done layoffs
or we're in a fortunate position where
we don't need to do layoffs
um regardless quota attainment is
dipping across the team uh we're missing
our company Revenue Targets in Q4 morale
is starting to turn negative what should
we do
um common conversation I'm hearing a lot
would love to learn how you've
approached this new environment at gong
yeah I mean I should probably preface it
with like uh we're lucky enough to be in
in the group that has not had to do
layoffs at this point uh we've got 10
years of Runway plus and so we're in a
good Financial spot
um
uh in in the current world at least
we'll see how that world looks in six
months I suppose but uh but I can
certainly relate to the fact that you
know Q4 taymin is going to be lower than
it was in q1 of this year and
participation from reps the number of
people that are going to be over Target
is going to be you know lower than it
was in q1 of this year as well uh and I
think you know obviously we were through
the same thing not that long ago uh in
covid we had it was it was painful uh
and we we expected it to persist longer
than it did
um ended up you know being a faster
recovery uh but either way you're not
sure what the future holds and still
today we're not and I think one of the
most important things is just not to
make some massive radical change like
you still want to stabilize the team but
uh you know at least in our world it's a
conversation with the team to go hey you
know I we we know things are rough we
don't know how rough they're going to be
in for how long but trust us right and
we'll we'll make sure people are taken
care of in the appropriate ways and
unfortunately I think we've earned that
trust because we did the same thing
during covid and you know we had to make
some people whole when it made sense
um but we we're trying not to kind of do
anything that's really hard to undo like
changing people's quotas and changing
comp plans that are really drastic uh
the other one I'd say is is getting
people getting it that first part's
important in order to do the second part
which is
uh once once people are stabilizes like
giving people to pay attention to the
things that they can actually control
right like you might not be able to
control the fact that a CFO isn't going
to sign right now because you know the
budget's completely locked up but the
the inputs that get you there you can
control and so getting the team focused
around those in some cases maybe
spiffing some of those things to put
extra Focus there but just getting
people to to look at the things that uh
they they can still have an impact on
and then I'd say the last one is uh
everybody wants to feel like they're
winning uh your your old company won't
have to win and win the wins aren't
shrunk up at the scoreboard you need to
find ways that they are winning and and
you know push those and amplify them
across the organization
um and we did that a lot during covid
we're doing that a lot now too it's you
know people are still winning every day
it's just they might not be closing the
same number of deals as they were
let me ask you a follow-up question I
mean uh you can it's interesting you
compared Q4 of this calendar year or
Fisk whatever ones to q1 right yeah but
here's what I'm trying to get my arms
around q1 was friggin insane like we've
never seen anything like this in our
careers and I keep saying having done
SAS world I think times are pretty darn
good it's just the cops are atrocious if
you compare yourself to q1 this is gonna
look like the world but rollback is this
a Gong gong has made is grown so
incredibly is this really so bad
compared to 2019 right is it really so
rough
um I'm asking you I don't know the
answer yeah I feel like people don't
have sometimes have perspective because
because 2021 was insane
yes it was insane right I think that
that's true and I also think that we
don't know how every other companies
around you is doing right now right so
like you might be doing very bad
compared to yourself three quarters ago
you might be doing really good compared
to your peer set but you don't find that
stuff out usually until you know from
your board or you find it out
retroactively it's like oh wait yeah it
actually wasn't as bad as we thought it
was and so I think you're right there's
a perspective that's missing I think you
gotta I think you've got to find out how
your competitive set is doing you got to
do what whether it's your board whether
it's uh whether it's a rogue whether
it's tracking whatever you can you gotta
know how your peer set is doing because
if you don't you don't actually know how
you're doing in these environments if
you're growing faster than your
competitors and you've got 10 years of
Runway everyone should get a Christmas
bonus
if you have if you are have 10 years of
Runway hooray but you are growing more
slowly like oh than your competitive set
you can you can hide you can say oh it's
the economy but actually you get an app
you you get an F right you got you gotta
know you got I know I know it's not well
you we kind of forget about this area of
competitive intelligence but I think we
got to get good at it in tougher times
we gotta know otherwise we don't
actually know we're performing
my personal experience
um but both
um making uh my personal experience both
thinking about me as a sales rep and
then also as a leader people on the team
uh folks have short-term memories and so
uh Jason you asked about sort of like
2019 or or sort of like steady state or
average performance um across long time
intervals we may be more likely there I
think it's just people got so used to
the performance and the attainment and
the the bonuses the commission checks
from the last what now has really been
sort of like Q3 of 2020. I mean that's
when that's when the like the the crazy
performance started
um
and then Q3 and so we're going on two
years now of uh you know the the boom
times or however we want to well we got
soft
we got soft and the folks that are newer
have always been soft I know they think
that I know they think that the woe is
me but they forgot that sass is hard SAS
is hard it is even at iconic companies
like gong it's always is every Deal's
hard isn't it I mean 80 deals are hard
today
right and
um I remember like in our competitive
said a DocuSign I I talked to this kid
in like May of 2020 that joined okay and
she said it was the best job ever she
closed six deals her first day that was
a window of time
we couldn't leave our houses right and
so that's our first sales job she closed
six deals to DocuSign her first day
she'd never done sales before I bet she
closes zero a quarter today don't you
think not that it's not a great company
but I bet she's zero I bet she's zero
right
uh funny illustration I I
um I wonder if she's looking for a new
role she sounds great you might be great
I mean I'll be honest this was her first
job out of college it's two years she
could be but I just think she grew up in
an environment where she doesn't
understand the frame of reference right
it's not her fault but imagine oh my God
sassa's great I close down at Mom and
Dad I closed six deals my first day
I mean I think the hard part about that
is like giving someone perspective is
just very very difficult right you just
sound like an old man it's like
it doesn't it doesn't work so if anybody
has a good way to do that I'm very
interested and back in 2008 Echo sign it
was it was harder sledding than 2021 uh
anywhere I'm sure Echo sign included 10x
yeah 10x everywhere um
Jameson uh so real really helpful and
insightful answer just sort of like
repeating what I heard to take away
because again this is like a daily
occurrence whether I'm talking to a VP
of sales a Founder describing this
environment and it's like what should we
do here should we change quotas how
should we motivate the team and my my
takeaways were like uh cooler heads will
prevail on this don't um make a bunch of
drastic changes because the change
fatigue will just add to the already low
morale
um find the wins that are happening and
emphasize those wins one of other thing
that comes to mind for me that I found
really helpful and it's it's absolutely
true is that um like uh so many leaders
are born out of the tough times and you
can message that to the people on your
team that there will be people that
today this quarter next quarter however
long this lasts they step up they are
positive and they're a positive
influence on their teammates they
performed they hustle they do these
things and you know this is a very long
game
um we we are going to go through Cycles
indefinitely
um as we have historically
um and you have to perform at all times
and so those that perform when times are
tough are the ones that ultimately have
the best outcomes with their careers and
hopefully a message like that is
motivating to the people that see
themselves as Future Leaders I mean
effort and attitude are more important
right now than they've ever been uh you
know an attitude a lot of that is just
how it's affecting the rest of the
people around you it's you know I don't
know
one follow-up before we move on Jameson
to the next topic Sam just this is what
I'm seeing I I just when I have a market
leader right in America but still an
emerging market leader right I mean
God's not that big right
um I'll give you an example and then
I'll ask you what there are there I've
I've invested in two companies that are
pretty they're they're adjacent okay
they're not direct committed but they're
pretty similar one is north of 100
million I think it's seen its growth
slow from like 70 to 50. okay the other
one's at 10 million it's seen its growth
slow to zero okay and I think there's a
few root causes of it but what I one of
them I think is that today when budgets
are tightened they're going to brands
they're growing to Brands because if if
and you may not you maybe have a myopic
and I'm curious if you see gong as
relatively stronger than upstart sales
startups because I see a lot of upstart
sales startups newer ones like 10 20
million five I see them being
slaughtered in today's environment yeah
I don't see it with the leaders I don't
see it with the ones that are broken out
I don't see them decelerating to nothing
yeah I mean I guess it'd be hard for me
to have perspective on that uh you know
I mean I think it I think generally
you're seeing people pull back on risk
so if you're perceived as risky then
you're probably always in a more
difficult spot whereas if it's you know
you're a brand that several of your
friends or or counterparts are saying
yeah we use them they're great we've
been using them they know the name I'm
sure that's helpful right now
yeah Jason we talked about this a little
bit where
um we may be in an environment where
there's cost cutting and in that
environment these are sort of got to
pick and choose who is being cut and
there are a number of factors that
influence that I think to your point
hard to cut we'll use the the like
biggest sales tool hard to sort of
justify cutting Salesforce or something
like that that that's as a as a brand as
no churn at Salesforce there was no turn
in 2008 2009 there was none but there
but nrr shrunk right
but there was no turn there was no turn
in the world user-based model so of
course their NR shrinking right when
you're when you're no longer hiring
high definition right yeah exactly and
so it probably you know there's there's
sort of like levels to this or a
spectrum and Salesforce yeah I've gone
somewhere in the middle and then you
have this new thing that a sales leader
thought would be fun to try uh six
months ago into this new company they're
probably just just by that nature
um like uh higher on the The Chopping
Block than uh the more established
Brands exactly as as you mentioned that
that that seems intuitive right
I think so Jameson has your has your
renewal Playbook changed in the last six
months are there some interesting
learnings from like how the messaging's
changed for renewals I mean certainly I
mean I think that's an exchange from you
know we're gonna help you three extra
team and onboard faster to how we're
making you more efficient uh thankfully
we do well at both but but the message
has to change I think the other one too
is you know to what you talked about
earlier is there's just a higher bar for
Value right now and so helping your your
customers recognize the value you're
providing that they might not recognize
on their own right the fact that people
love it isn't enough to keep something
right now and so tying it to True impact
is something that you know we're very
very focused on and able to do
thankfully but
are you doing things I'm just curious
like I would imagine a Gong today I mean
everyone's under some pressure right but
I would imagine no cro or VP of sales
wants to lose gong there's no benefit to
them the last thing I want to do is I
don't want to lose one of my key arrows
are you talking directly with CFOs or
others in in rear and is are those
because those might be radically
different conversations right than when
they're part of that process right and
you're right I think no one wants to
lose like you know you're going through
a storm right now and you're about to
lose all The Radars that are on my God
right that's the last thing people want
to get taken away but to your your point
uh the
that something has to go and uh and you
know we're not the cheapest thing in the
tech stack either so there's there's
definitely a Target that's associated
with us so yeah we're involved in a lot
of CFO conversations and we're also
involved in a lot of arming
the way you prove value to finance and
the way you prove value to a cro or if
you beat sales are different and so
that's part of where the change has come
in I mean like the efficiency talk track
the efficiency measurements that that's
that's to help the cro move through the
CFO and help the CFO understand
and Jameson what about
um like the relationship angle here are
you encouraging the folks on your team
that are supporting your uh highest
revenue generating customers are you go
visit these people in person uh spend
more time developing relationship uh any
thoughts around that
um you know if you can visit them
absolutely right like making sure you're
doing executive business reviews where
you're you're kind of aligning on value
becomes super important right now so all
of those things
guys I think we are approaching time
this has been uh a blast so
um first Jameson thank you for gracing
us with your presence uh and Jason thank
you for uh uh doing the same and helping
boost uh ratings it's awesome to see
both of you hello
it's fun to sort of be in the same um
virtual room for the first time in a few
years but uh it's awesome that we're all
back together after something like 15
years of uh close friendship so great to
see you guys and and thanks well Jameson
if you're if you're in uh Bavarian
September make sure you come to South
Durango and do this again live you can
teach us all how we do it sounds good
I'm in all right very good
thanks guys there you go thanks
everybody
[Music]